Replace SCA Getting started use case (#6511)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/getting-started/use-cases/configuration-assessment.rst

Configuration assessment
========================

Configuration assessment is a process that verifies whether endpoints adhere to a set of predefined rules regarding configuration settings and approved application usage. It involves comparing the current configuration against established industry standards and organizational policies to identify vulnerabilities and misconfigurations.

Regular configuration assessments are essential in maintaining a secure and compliant environment, as they help organizations proactively identify and patch vulnerabilities. This practice strengthens security controls and minimizes the risk of security incidents.

Wazuh SCA module
----------------

Wazuh offers a :doc:`Security Configuration Assessment (SCA) </user-manual/capabilities/sec-config-assessment/index>` module that assists security teams to scan and detect misconfigurations within their environment. The Wazuh agent uses policy files to scan endpoints that it monitors. These files contain predefined checks to be carried out on each monitored endpoint. 

> Wazuh includes :doc:`SCA policies </user-manual/capabilities/sec-config-assessment/available-sca-policies>` out-of-the-box based on the Center for Internet Security (CIS) security benchmarks. These benchmarks serve as essential guidelines on best practices for protecting IT systems and data from cyberattacks. It provides clear instructions for establishing a secure baseline configuration and offers guidance to ensure that users implement effective measures to safeguard their critical assets and mitigate potential vulnerabilities. By adhering to these standards, you can enhance your overall security posture and mitigate the risk of cyber threats against your business. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wazuh includes :doc:`SCA policies </user-manual/capabilities/sec-config-assessment/available-sca-policies>` out-of-the-box based on the Center for Internet Security (CIS) security benchmarks. These benchmarks serve as essential guidelines on best practices for protecting IT systems and data from cyberattacks. They provide clear instructions for establishing a secure baseline configuration and offer guidance to ensure that users implement effective measures to safeguard their critical assets and mitigate potential vulnerabilities. By adhering to these standards, you can enhance your overall security posture and mitigate the risk of cyber threats against your business. 
```

       - "c:systemctl is-enabled tmp.mount -> r:generated|enabled"

The ``/tmp`` directory is used to store data that is needed for a short time by system and user applications. Mounting ``/tmp`` on a separate partition allows an administrator to set additional mount options such as the ``noexec``, ``nodev``, and ``nosuid``. Therefore making the directory useless for an attacker to install executable code. The SCA policy file also gives recommendations on how to remediate this issue.

Viewing SCA results
-------------------

The Wazuh dashboard has a **Security configuration assessment** module that allows you to view SCA scan results for each agent.

.. thumbnail:: /images/getting-started/use-cases/sca/sca-module.png
   :title: SCA module
   :alt: SCA module
   :align: center
   :width: 80%
    
In the image below, you see the policy based on the CIS benchmark for Ubuntu Linux 22.04.

.. thumbnail:: /images/getting-started/use-cases/sca/cis-benchmark-ubuntu22-policy.png
   :title: Policy for CIS benchmark for Ubuntu 22.04
   :alt: Policy for CIS benchmark for Ubuntu 22.04
   :align: center
   :width: 80%

Interpreting SCA results
------------------------

> On the Wazuh dashboard, we select a policy to see the checks that we run on the endpoint. In the image below, you can see 182 checks were run against the Ubuntu 22.04 endpoint. Out of these, 63 passed and 98 failed, and 21 are not applicable to the endpoint. It also shows a score of 39% which is calculated based on the number of tests passed.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the Wazuh dashboard, we select a policy to see the checks that we run on the endpoint. In the image below, you can see 182 checks were run against the Ubuntu 22.04 endpoint. Out of these, 63 passed, 98 failed, and 21 are not applicable to the endpoint. It also shows a score of 39% which is calculated based on the number of tests passed.  
```
